if it drives like a wagon ah feels like
a wagon ah then it must be a wagon ax or
perhaps a wagon or with a heavy dose of
makeup presenting this cosmetically
enhanced multi WagonR stingray
so if you were looking for a practical
hatchback but you wanted a little bit of
style but 25,000 rupees more you could
get your Wagon R to look like this
the WagonR stingray there's nothing very
different mechanically between this car
in the regular Wagon R except for some
cosmetic changes the main thing of which
are these headlamps twin headlamps with
projectors in them this chrome grille
over here which has got LED lights
inside and the entire front bumper the
rest of the changes are at the rear at
the rear the main thing that's different
between the Wagon R and the stingray are
these two things one the tail lamps you
get tail and stay lamps with a chrome
portion on the side and thus chrome
strip over here which boldly proclaims
stingray Wagon R otherwise everything
else is just the same as a regular Wagon
R other additions include these 14 inch
alloys and in terms of safety kit you
get a single driver's airbag and abs the
stingray gets a key embedded remote step
into the stingray and the whole thing
looks very familiar
the only difference is in the color the
stingray gets all black interiors let's
look at the minor differences though
with the stingray you get steering audio
controls for the integrated music system
that has USB and aux connections you
also get stingray branded fabric
upholstery that feels quite good
other standard WagonR features continue
like these pop-out cupholders power
windows with the addition of our driver
side watered-down and electrically
adjustable mirrors the multi-information
display shows you range average
consumption trip meter and auto meter in
terms of space well here's the thing
about boxes they pack in a lot and the
WagonR stingray with its boxy dimensions
is pretty spacious for four adults and i
say four because the car is not that
wide legroom and Headroom are good and
you also get these adjustable headrests
at the rear the 180 litre boot is a tad
small but the 60/40 folding seats allow
a degree of flexibility powering the
Stingray is a family okay 10 B 3
cylinder 1 litre petrol engine that puts
out 67 bhp of power and 90 Newton meters
of torque the 5-speed manual
transmission is a bit notchy but the
clutch is super light just like the
electric power steering the huge glass
area means you get good all-round
visibility in this car the Stingray is
handling and ride quality a very neutral
our drive was too short for a detailed
fuel efficient exist but the MIT to last
we were getting about 13.8 kilometers to
the litre overall the Stingray is a car
that adds a bit of style to the
otherwise stage looking wagon ah while
retaining the car's virtues of
practicality and functionality it's a
car for those who want space and
practicality with a little bit of style
you